This is not Tran Dai Dao.
Why are you here?
Misunderstanding, this is a misunderstanding, a misunderstanding.
One by one, you tell me why.
Hey, don't be rude.
Destroying an island is great.
Believe it or not, lady, a sentence immediately let us take the film crew out of the East Sea
Right? You let him try it.
Young master, what did you do to me?
Shut up.
Do you know who he is?
Director Tran Tinh Ngoc
Really, you gave me a face.
Give them to me and don t forget that you and I, Liang, are sitting in the seat of the imperial family.
How can the people in my crew talk to each other?
How do you let me predict the future?
Moreover, how did your Luong family get the relationship with the Imperial family?
We need to explain at home.
There's no neuropathy.
To Chi Binh, let's go.
Butter.
You son of a bitch, sooner or later I'm going to get you on your knees.
Sun Yun, did you ask me to become an actor for you to cause me trouble?
I got it. All right.
I don't have time to tell you these things.
If you don't meet the male lead of the Five Great Kings in three minutes.
You will leave immediately.
Our crew is never allowed to eat dry rice.
Chen Dao, he was my former number one hero.